So, we've talked a lot about the image to image architectures, and how they train?
But I want to take a step back and talk about why CycleGAN work in the first place.
How is it possible to learn the mapping between a set of images x and another set y.
So, that you can translate from one domain to another.
We're operating on the assumption
such the style and the content of an image can be separated.
This is exactly what the convolutional layers in our generators are learning to do.
So, the encoder half of a generator is
a convolutional neural network whose job is to extract features from
an image has distill information about the content of
that image and discard and extraneous information.
As we go deeper into the layers of this encoder,
the input image has transformed into feature maps.
Has increasing care about the content of the image
rather than a detail about the texture and the color of pixels,
which was something close to tau.
The generators have to lunch preserve the content of an image.
Thus he can taking an image x and produce a different cheese tau image.
Then take a style image and produce a good reconstruction version of x.
In fact, the Cycle Consistency Loss such tricks on
how to generate hurts map an image from x to y and back again.
Is what end up preserving the content of an image.
Their [inaudible] loss from discriminators in the CycleGAN are responsible
for training a network to produce images in a realistic x or y style.
So, a complete CycleGAN is trim to separate a continent style of a set of input images.
For any new image sees,
it who would be able to keep the content of the image and transfer
the style of a whole collection x or y to it.
The separation of style and content,
make CycleGAN useful for a number of applications.
Caching style transfer as you have seen,
where we want to transform any input image in a general style for artist.
You can use it to do some interesting photo transformations like altering images.
So, that's the look like they are taken during the summer or during winter,
or changing images of apples to oranges,
or darks into cats and vice versa.
As has been used to try to transform one person's face into another.
In addition to photo transformation and enhancement,
CycleGAN has been used via effectively adapt a semantic segmentation model across
domains such as phone GT5 to
German Street View and transformations from Google Maps to satellite images.
CycleGAN not only works on images,
but also on other data like moshing or auditory data such as speech recordings.
Imagine that you want to transform my voice into your voice,
you heard do so with the modified CycleGAN.
The applications of such a model are very far-reaching.